Introduction
In the modern world, we use the internet for a variety of different purposes. We visit various sites everyday, we are not even sure about. This Internet is a Wireless Mesh Network, which is a mesh network created through the connection of wireless access point (WAP) nodes installed at each network user's locale. And this network user might be yourself, the nodes accessing the Servers for our own benefits, or it might even be the Servers, providing the Services to millions of the clients, around the globe.
We use our devices to access the internet. These are called computational devices. These Devices also have various processes running on them. We, as the Humans are not even aware of the Processes running inside the System. But, we should have thorough knowledge about these System Processes, their Functionalities and Workings.
It is possible to create a honeypot trap that resembles a payment gateway, which is a common target for hackers since it houses a wealth of personal data and transactional information, such as encoded credit card numbers or bank account information.In order to entice actors interested in gathering intellectual property (IP), trade secrets, or other priceless sensitive information, a honeypot or honeynet may also resemble a database. Once a cybercriminal is within the network, it is possible to follow their movements to learn more about their strategies and goals.  At this point, our Scripts will work in co-ordination to capture the IP address and assist the Security Systems to exploit them in Backtracking the CyberCriminal. 
Take an example of any OTT Platform, like Netflix. It has been observed, that the College Students use Single Accounts on Multiple Devices, and Binge Watch the Shows. For instance, a single Person is buying the Subscription of Netflix, and his few friends, are using the same Account, that only one boy has purchased. This has been the case, not only with Netflix, but also Hotstar. It is common for Hostel Dwellers, to watch the Cricket or Football Match, from Two different Devices, using Single Hotstar Account. These practices have costed the companies to loose more than Thousands Dollors per Year.
Sometimes, People are unaware of the Processes playing on their Systems. They are unaware of the Malicious activities going on their Systems unknowingly. The Process Analyser, built within the Scripts, will be able to capture the Processes, working in your System. It will analyze the RAM usage within a particular limit to detect the unwanted Processes in our System. These Malicious Programs might be Crypto MIner, or a Pawn for a Cyber Criminal to be activated for other MaliciousActions.
There are also Websites offering the “COOKIES”  for their own benifit. Eg, the website of QUORA, always asks it’s users for accepting the cookies and keeps pulling up the unwanted Advertisements. This has been seen mostly on the websites containing Illicit  Content. We, as users, can avoid these advertisements and Cookies by personally banning the server’s IP addresses, that we will get on running the First Stage of the Project. 
